Add section about issue labels to CONTRIBUTING.md (#2620)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-rust: CONTRIBUTING.md

- (Recommended) If you use [Visual Studio Code], install recommended extensions to improve your development experience.

## Contributing to Issues

If you'd like to contribute to the Azure SDK for Rust, we recommend looking for issues with the following labels:

- [design-discussion](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-rust/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Adesign-discussion) - These issues involve discussions about the design of features or APIs and are a great way to influence the future direction of the SDK.

> - [good first issue](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-rust/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22) - These issues are a good starting point for new contributors, as they should be relatively straightforward to address.

Reviewer: Improper grammar.
```suggestion
- [good first issue](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-rust/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22) - These issues are a good starting point for new contributors since they should be relatively straightforward to address.
```

- [help wanted](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-rust/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22help+wanted%22) - These issues are areas where we're actively seeking community contributions.

> Your input on these issues is highly valued, and we encourage you to participate in the discussions or take on the tasks described in these issues.

Reviewer: Nixing the design-discussion one, this would be better:
```suggestion
Further discussion on or pull requests for these issues is highly valued, and we encourage you to participate in the discussions or take on the tasks described in these issues.
```
